Code Book
=========

As a result of this assingment Project, we have the list of selected features, only referring to the "mean" and their "std" as below, obtained from the average of the observations made ​​by activity and subject:

Fields of the final CSV file (tidy_project_Activity.csv):

activity: Description of the activity
id.subject: Id of the subject
tBodyAcc-mean()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tGravityAcc-mean()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyro-mean()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tGravityAccMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAcc-mean()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyGyro-mean()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAccMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAcc-std()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAcc-std()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAcc-std()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tGravityAcc-std()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tGravityAcc-std()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tGravityAcc-std()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyro-std()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyro-std()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyro-std()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tGravityAccMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyAccJerkMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAcc-std()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAcc-std()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAcc-std()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyGyro-std()-X: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyGyro-std()-Y: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyGyro-std()-Z: mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyAccMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std(): mean of the mesuares of this feature

